
Home // About the school // the princliple // adult tap // classes // Contact us // Zumba // Gallery

ABOUT

The Chorley School of Dance is based at Wyken Community Centre, Westmorland Road, Wyken  Coventry CV2

We are now recruiting children age 3 and over. Is your child always dancing? Why not bring them along to learn Tap,Ballet,Acrobatics and Modern on Tuesday evenings.
Call the Principal Claire on 07917 207789

CLASSES 

Baby Class Age 3-7 years

Tuesdays 5-6pm £4

Pupils learn Tap, Ballet, Acrobatics and Modern dance.

Junior/Inter Class Age 7-16 years

Tuesdays 6-8pm £5

Pupils learn Tap, Ballet, Acrobatics and Modern dance.

Please note within Modern classes, street , jazz and contemporary dance are taught to junior/Inter and senior classes.

Adult Tap class Age 14 and above

Tuesdays 8-9pm £3.50 per session (paid in 6 week blocks)

Zumba class Age 14 and above. £5 per session


Mondays 7.15-8.15pm Stivichall Primary School, Green Lane entrance CV3 6PY

Thursdays 8-9pm Wyken community centre, Westmorland road, Wyken, coventry Cv2  (class temporarily postponed)

Fridays 6-7pm Trinity Catholic School, Guys Cliffe Ave, Leamington Spa CV32 6NB

 

Competition classes and Private lessons are also available for the avid dancer. Please ask Claire for details

ZUMBA:

Claire is also a fully qualified Zumba instructor.
Zumba is a Latin Dance based Cardio workout. It’s infectious! Zumba is suitable for any gender, any age above 14years and any ability.
Each session burns between 500 and 1,000 calories. It’s simple, you just follow my lead, no dance experience required. It’s not about how stylish you look, it’s about how much effort you put into your  movements in order to work up a sweat! Most of all it’s FUN!
At only £5 per session you’ve got to give it a go! It’s the best disguised form of workout you’ll ever do! Lose yourself in the Latin rhythms and ditch the workout and join the party!

Sessions held on
Mondays 7 15pm – 8.15pm at Stivichall Primary School, Coat of Arms Bridge road, Coventry CV3 6PY (please use Green Lane Entrance)
(Held at St Martins church hall, Green lane during most school hols and bank holidays) 
Fridays 6-7pm at Trinity Catholic School , Guys Cliff Ave, Leamington Spa CV32 6NB  in the Assembley Hall near  main Reception. (Classes held at st marks church Hall during most school holidays)


Adult tap 

This class is for all those avid tap dancers out there!

This class is suitable for all abilities from the beginner to the advanced tapper. Classes are held at Wyken Community Centre on Tuesdays 8-9pm £ 3.50 per class (paid in 6 week blocks after a settling in period). Tap is an excellent form of exercise and strengthens the legs and ankles. A friendly welcome is assured. Age 14 to 74!  Come and join the fun!


The princliple

Claire Chorley began Dancing at the Neale Academy of Dance in Coventry at the age of five. She soon discovered a love for dancing and took her exams, competed in Festivals and performed in shows until the age of twenty three, when she then decided to open her own school. As well as being a member of The Neale Academy of Dance, at the age of seventeen she became a member of The Coventry Youth Dance. It is here she discovered her love for Contemporary Dance which we can all see in her Choreography today. Claire’s pupils all compete in Festivals three times a year and regularly win numerous medals and trophies. She never picks her ‘best’ pupils to take part in competitions and shows. She firmly believes all children, regardless of their talent, should be given the opportunity to perform in front of an audience. Claire works hard to instil confidence into all her pupils and believes this is the most important part of her quest. She is very proud of her pupils and never tires of teaching them. Year after year she strives to improve their Dance Technique and is very satisfied with their progress.

Contact 

Contact the Principal Claire

Email: clairemeadows68@yahoo.co.uk

Tel: 02476419669 / 07917207789

Facebook page  – the chorley school of dance﻿

Facebook page – Zumba in Coventry and Leamington